---
layout: page
title:  "Announcing SPA: Software in Practice 2018 Keynotes, Jon Skeet and Chris O'Dell"
date:   2018-02-28 12:00:00 -0000
categories: announcements keynotes
---

Every year, SPA conference unites forward-thinking practitioners with a diverse range of speakers and facilitators. The goal of SPA is to find new and better ways to advance software development; the philosophy is to combine old with new. New topics that challenge us to look at software development in a different way, and new voices to envigorate the community with new ideas.

For 2018, we are delighted to announce two of our keynotes: Jon Skeet and Chris O'Dell. Jon is the leading scorer on StackOverflow.com and Chris is a Continuous Delivery expert and co-author of multiple leading CD books. It's a special line up, and we look forward to making further announcements soon.

If you have a curiosity for learning and you enjoy learning by doing, or you'd like to try a conference where sessions are interactive and engaging, we invite you to join us for SPA: Software in Practice 2018 on the 4th - 6th July in London.

When the schedule is announced, expect to see a varity of topics. Some familiar, including programming languages, agile practices, and architecture, and some new, encouraging us to think more holistically about how we approach software development. Over the past few years, we've enjoyed topics including play in the workplace, knitting and coding, and The Chaos Lottery. To learn more, see [previous years]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link previous-conferences.md %}).

Tickets are priced at £350 for full access to the entire 3 day event.

SPA is a not-for-profit event and all facilitator names are witheld during the programme selection phase to ensure each session is judged entirely on merit. Our focus is purely on creating a unique and enjoyable learning experience.